DOCPLAN-368: Fix AsciiDocDITA.CalloutList errors in virt docs (#112012)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-cloning-pvc-to-dv-cli.adoc

apiVersion: cdi.kubevirt.io/v1beta1
kind: DataVolume
metadata:
  name: <datavolume>
spec:
  source:
    pvc:
      namespace: "<source_namespace>"
      name: "<my_vm_disk>"
  storage: {}
----
+

> The following parameters are specified:

Author: ```suggestion
where:
```

+
`name`:: Specify the name of the new data volume.
`namespace`:: Specify the namespace of the source PVC.

> `name` (under `pvc`):: Specify the name of the source PVC.

Author: ```suggestion
`<datavolume>`:: Specifies the name of the new data volume.
`<source_namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace of the source PVC.
`<my_vm_disk>`:: Specifies the name of the source PVC.
```

always format like this if there are <variables> in the callouts
